Does neonatal circumcision decrease morbidity?
Which imaging modality is best for suspected stroke?
What is the best strategy for impaired glucose tolerance in nonpregnant adults?
What is the most effective and safe malaria prophylaxis during pregnancy?
Does screening reduce lung cancer mortality?
What are the most effective nonpharmacologic therapies for irritable bowel syndrome?
What is the recommended approach to asymptomatic patients who develop a reactive PPD?
What is the best duration of steroid therapy for contact dermatitis rhus?
What is the best surveillance for hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic carriers of hepatitis B?
Are major bleeding events from falls more likely in patients on warfarin?
What is the appropriate management for a patient with CIN1 on colposcopy?
How safe is vaginal birth after cesarean section for the mother and fetus?
What behavioral interventions are safe and effective for treating obesity?
How accurate is the use of ECGs in the diagnosis of myocardial infarct?
What effect do inhaled steroids have on delaying the progression of COPD?
How reliable are self-measured blood pressures taken at home?
Should we screen for bacterial vaginosis in those at risk for preterm labor?
How should we treat chronic daily headache when conservative measures fail?
Do statins delay onset or slow progression of Alzheimer's dementia?
Does tight control of blood glucose in pregnant women with diabetes improve neonatal outcomes?
How effective is prophylactic therapy for gout in people with prior attacks?
Is neurosurgery referral warranted for small brain aneurysms?
Do imaging studies aid diagnosis of acute sinusitis?
How effective is desmopressin for primary nocturnal enuresis?
How do we decide when a patient with nonmalignant disease is eligible for hospice care?
Should home apnea monitoring be recommended to prevent SIDS?
Does stopping a statin increase the short-term risk of a cardiovascular event?
Does physical therapy improve symptoms of fibromyalgia?
What are the repercussions of disclosing a medical error?
Which clinical features and lab findings increase the likelihood of temporal arteritis?
What is the best way to evaluate an acute traumatic knee injury?
Are ARBs or ACE inhibitors preferred for nephropathy in diabetes?
What is the best approach for patients with ASCUS detected on Pap smear?
Do antibiotics improve outcomes in chronic rhinosinusitis?
Does warfarin prevent deep venous thrombosis in high-risk patients?
How should we manage a patient with a positive PPD and prior BCG vaccination?
How often is coughing the presenting complaint in patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease?
What is the initial approach to the treatment of shoulder pain?
What is the most effective treatment for tinea pedis athlete's foot?
Which vaccinations are indicated after splenectomy?
Which medications can be split without compromising efficacy and safety?
How should you further evaluate an adult with a testicular mass?
Is MRI useful for evaluation of acute low back pain?
Does microalbuminuria screening in diabetes prevent complications?
What treatment approach to intrapartum maternal fever has the best fetal outcomes?
Which patients with suspected exposure to pertussis should receive prophylaxis?
What is the best portable method of purifying water to prevent infectious disease?
What is the addiction risk associated with tramadol?
How should a DEXA scan be used to evaluate bisphosphonate therapy for osteoporosis?
What environmental modifications improve pediatric asthma?
How effective are nasal steroids combined with nonsedating antihistamines for seasonal allergic rhinitis?
Is screening for lead poisoning justified?
Do nasal decongestants relieve symptoms?
Do antiarrhythmics prevent sudden death in patients with heart failure?
What are the most effective ways you can help patients stop smoking?
Does antepartum perineal massage reduce intrapartum lacerations?
What is the best way to screen for breast cancer in women with implants?
What is the best treatment for oral thrush in healthy infants?
How can you prevent migraines during pregnancy?
What is the appropriate use of sunscreen for infants and children?
Does treatment with donepezil improve memory for patients with mild cognitive impairment?
What is the appropriate evaluation and treatment of children who are "toe walkers"?
Does furosemide decrease morbidity or mortality for patients with diastolic or systolic dysfunction?
What interventions reduce the risk of contrast nephropathy for high-risk patients?
Can counseling prevent or treat postpartum depression?
What is the best way to manage phantom limb pain?
What is appropriate fetal surveillance for women with diet-controlled gestational diabetes?
How should patients with Barrett's esophagus be monitored?
Does reducing smoking in the home protect children from the effects of second-hand smoke?
What treatment works best for tennis elbow?
Does routine amniotomy have a role in normal labor?
Does psychiatric treatment help patients with intractable chronic pain?
How does pentoxifylline affect survival of patients with alcoholic hepatitis?
Does heat or cold work better for acute muscle strain?
Prophylactic oxytocin: Before or after placental delivery?
How accurate is stress radionuclide imaging for diagnosis of CAD?
What causes a low TSH level with a normal free T4 level?
Who should get hepatitis A vaccination?
What is the best way to distinguish type 1 and 2 diabetes?
Do preparticipation clinical exams reduce morbidity and mortality for athletes?
What are effective medical treatments for adults with acute migraine?
What are the indications for bariatric surgery?
How best to manage the patient in term labor whose group B strep status is unknown?
How often should you follow up on a patient with newly diagnosed hypothyroidism?
What is the best diagnostic approach to postmenopausal vaginal bleeding in women taking hormone replacement therapy?
What are the indications for treatment with angiotensin-converting enzyme ACE inhibitors in patients with diabetes?
What is the value of screening for heart disease with an exercise stress test (EST) in an asymptomatic person?
What are the most effective treatments for bacterial vaginosis in nonpregnant women?
Which tool is most useful in diagnosing bipolar disorder in children?
Does screening for diabetes in at-risk patients improve long-term outcomes?
What is the best treatment for diabetic neuropathy?
Do inhaled beta-agonists control cough in URIs or acute bronchitis?
Does yoga speed healing for patients with low back pain?
Is methylphenidate useful for treating adolescents with ADHD?
Should we screen women for hypothyroidism?
What is the best approach for managing recurrent bacterial vaginosis?
What are effective treatments for panic disorder?
Is there a role for theophylline in treating patients with asthma?
Are any oral iron formulations better tolerated than ferrous sulfate?
Other than anticoagulation, what is the best therapy for those with atrial fibrillation?
Are there any known health risks to early introduction of solids to an infant's diet?
What is the best way to diagnose a suspected rotator cuff tear?
What is appropriate management of iron deficiency for young children?
What is the best management for patients who have a TIA while on aspirin therapy?
What is the best treatment for infants with colic?
When should patients with asymptomatic aortic stenosis be evaluated for valve replacement?
Should liver enzymes be checked in a patient taking niacin?
Should induction of labor be considered in a woman with a macrosomic baby?
What vitamins and minerals should be given to breastfed and bottle-fed infants?
For fibromyalgia, which treatments are the most effective?
When should a chest x-ray be used to evaluate acute-onset productive cough for adults?
When should you order a Lyme titer?
What is the best treatment for pertussis?
What is a reasonable initial approach to the patient with fatigue?
Is surgery effective for reducing symptoms in adults with obstructive sleep apnea?
Does daily monitoring of blood glucose predict hemoglobin A1c levels?
What is the best initial treatment of Parkinson's disease?
What is the prognosis of postherpetic neuralgia?
What is the most effective nicotine replacement therapy?
What findings distinguish acute bacterial sinusitis?
Is screening urinalysis in children worthwhile?
Does a high-fiber diet prevent colon cancer in at-risk patients?
Does stimulant therapy help adult ADHD?
What medications are effective for treating symptoms of premenstrual syndrome PMS?
What is the best approach to goiter for euthyroid patients?
Which lifestyle interventions effectively lower LDL cholesterol?
What hormonal contraception is most effective for obese women
Do OTC remedies relieve cough in acute URIs?
Which complementary therapies can help patients with PMS?
Can nonantidepressants help treat depression?
Which diuretics are safe and effective for patients with a sulfa allergy?
What's the best diagnostic evaluation of night sweats?
What is the best way to evaluate and manage diarrhea in the febrile infant?
Is antibiotic prophylaxis effective for recurrent acute otitis media?
Are antibiotics effective in preventing pneumonia for nursing home patients?
How useful is ultrasound to evaluate patients with postmenopausal bleeding?
What is the diagnostic approach to a 1-year-old with chronic cough?
Can transvaginal ultrasound detect endometrial disease among asymptomatic postmenopausal patients?
Does surgery for carpal tunnel syndrome improve outcomes?
What is the best way to identify patients with white-coat hypertension?
Can we prevent splenic rupture for patients with infectious mononucleosis?
Does digoxin decrease morbidity for those in sinus rhythm with heart failure?
What is the evaluation and treatment strategy for Raynaud's phenomenon?
What is the best way to treat patients with white-coat hypertension?
Who should receive vertebroplasty?
What steps can reduce morbidity and mortality caused by hip fractures?
How can you best diagnose idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus?
Are DMARDs effective for rheumatologic diseases besides rheumatoid arthritis?
Does bed rest for preeclampsia improve neonatal outcomes?
What treatments are safe and effective for mild to moderate hypertension in pregnancy?
How does VTE risk for the patch and vaginal ring compare with oral contraceptives?
Do acetaminophen and an NSAID combined relieve osteoarthritis pain better than either alone?
Do antibiotics prevent recurrent UTI in children with anatomic abnormalities?
Should the varicella vaccine be given to all children to prevent chickenpox?
Are beta-2-agonists or anticholinergics more effective for treating COPD?
What is the best test to diagnose urinary tract stones?
Which patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) should have esophagogastroduoudenoscopy (EGD)?
Is there any benefit to Papanicolaou Pap test screening in women who have had a hysterectomy for benign disease?
How can you help prevent a recurrence of diverticulitis?
What is the differential diagnosis of chronic diarrhea in immunocompetent patients?
What is the dietary treatment for low HDL cholesterol?
When are antibiotics indicated for acute COPD exacerbations?
How should you manage a depressed patient unresponsive to an SSRI?
What are safe sleeping arrangements for infants?
What blood tests help diagnose celiac disease?
Do glucosamine and chondroitin worsen blood sugar control in diabetes?
What best prevents exerciseinduced bronchoconstriction for a child with asthma?
At what age do patients no longer need colorectal cancer screening?
What treatments are effective for varicose veins?
Is osteoporosis screening in postmenopausal women effective?
Are antibiotics effective for otitis media with effusion?
Is an outpatient workup safe for patients with a transient ischemic attack?
What is the best strategy for monitoring the lipid-lowering effects of medical therapy used for the primary prevention of coronary artery disease CAD?
What are the current treatment and monitoring recommendations for hepatitis C virus HCV?
What is the best diagnostic approach to paresthesias of the hand?
How effective are exercise and physical therapy for chronic low back pain?
What is the most effective management of acute fractures of the base of the fifth metatarsal?
What are effective strategies for reducing the risk of steroid-induced osteoporosis?
What are the indications for urodynamic testing in older adults with incontinence?
What are effective therapies for Clostridium difficile- associated diarrhea?
What are the causes of hypomagnesemia?
When and how should you evaluate a child for obstructive sleep apnea?
Does moderate exercise prevent MI for patients with coronary heart disease?
Do antibiotics interfere with the efficacy of oral contraceptives?
Should you treat a symptomatic patient by phone when his child has confirmed strep throat?
How effective are hypertension self-care interventions?
What's the best treatment for cradle cap?
What's the best test for HSV-2 after exposure?
Which UTI therapies are safe and effective during breastfeeding?
Which tests are the most useful for diagnosing PID?
Does regular exercise reduce the pain and stiffness of osteoarthritis?
What are effective treatments for oppositional defiant behaviors in adolescents?
Does anticoagulation prevent thrombosis for persons with fractures distal to the hip?
What is the best treatment for gastroesophageal reflux and vomiting in infants?
How does tissue adhesive compare with suturing for superficial lacerations?
What is the best treatment for chronic constipation in the elderly?
How should you document a patient's refusal to undergo a necessary intervention?
Are steroid injections effective for tenosynovitis of the hand?
What is the risk of bowel strangulation in an adult with an untreated inguinal hernia?
What does the evidence tell us about treating very-high-risk patients to an LDL <70 mg/dL?
Which strategies work best to prevent obesity in adults?
In menopausal women, does fatigue indicate disease?
Are overweight children more likely to be overweight adults?
How useful is a physical exam in diagnosing testicular torsion?
What treatments prevent miscarriage after recurrent pregnancy loss?
Does breastfeeding protect against viral GI infections in children <2 years old?
How should we follow athletes after a concussion?
What is the best treatment for nocturnal enuresis in children?
What is the best way to manage GERD symptoms in the elderly?
What is the best way to treat tinea cruris?
When should COX-2 selective NSAIDs be used for osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis?
Are oral agents effective for the treatment of verruca vulgaris?
What is the best way to diagnose polycystic ovarian syndrome?
Do inhaled steroids increase the risk of osteoporosis?
Do topical antibiotics improve wound healing?
What is the preferred treatment for a child with mild persistent asthma?
What evaluation is best for an isolated, enlarged cervical lymph node?
Angiotensin blockade for diabetes: Monitor microalbuminuria?
What is the best treatment for hypertension in African Americans?
Should we screen adults for asymptomatic microhematuria?
Do antipyretics prolong febrile illness?
Is folate supplementation indicated for patients with CAD?
Are inhalers with spacers better than nebulizers for children with asthma?
What is the best approach to a solitary pulmonary nodule identified by chest x-ray?
Is exercise treadmill testing useful for detecting heart disease in women?
Does treatment of acne with Retin A and tetracycline cause adverse effects?
Which blood tests are most helpful in evaluating pelvic inflammatory disease?
How effective are leukotriene inhibitors for asthma in children?
What is the best therapy for constipation in infants?
What is the diagnostic approach to a patient with leg cramps?
Is yearly chest x-ray screening helpful in reducing mortality for smokers?
What are the relative risks and benefits of progestin-only contraceptives?
Are breast self-exams or clinical exams effective for screening breast cancer?
Does early detection of suspected atherosclerotic renovascular hypertension change outcomes?
What is the initial work-up in the diagnosis of hypertension?
When should travelers begin malaria prophylaxis?
Do COX-2 inhibitors worsen renal function?
When should a child with an undescended testis be referred to a urologist?
Menstrual disturbances in perimenopausal women: What's best?
Do patients at high risk of Alzheimer's disease benefit from early treatment?
Sleep apnea in adults: How accurate is clinical prediction?
What treatments work best for constipation in children?
How should you manage an overweight breastfed infant?
When should you treat scabies empirically?
What measures relieve postherpetic neuralgia?
Does group prenatal care improve pregnancy outcomes?
Which factors increase the risk of an infant becoming an overweight child?
When should we stop mammography screening for breast cancer in elderly women?
What is the best diagnostic approach to alopecia in women?
Which postmenopausal women should be offered combined HRT?
What is the appropriate diagnostic evaluation of fibroids?
Should a nylon brush be used for Pap smears from pregnant women?
History, exam, and labs: Is one enough to diagnose acute adult appendicitis?
What is the recommended evaluation and treatment for elevated serum prolactin?
Which healthy adults should take aspirin?
Does a low-salt diet reduce morbidity and mortality in congestive heart failure?
How much does smoking cessation cut CHD risk?
What is the best workup for hypocalcemia?
What is the best treatment for Osgood-Schlatter disease?
Should you treat carriers of pharyngeal group A strep?
Alcoholic liver disease: Is acetaminophen safe?
How should you treat Candida vaginitis in patients on antibiotics?
When should you admit a patient with suspected CAP?
What's the best drug treatment for premature ejaculation?
Is osteopathic manipulation effective for headaches?
What is the differential diagnosis of chronic leg edema in primary care?
What are the causes of elevated TSH in a newborn?
How does colonoscopy compare with fecal occult blood testing as a screening tool for colon cancer?
How can we best treat and monitor VTE during pregnancy?
When is neuroimaging warranted for headache?
What are the best therapies for acute migraine in pregnancy?
Which late-stage Alzheimer's patients should be referred for hospice care?
How can I improve patient adherence to prescribed medication?
What medications are safe and effective for heartburn during pregnancy?
Which asthma patients should get the pneumococcal vaccine?
Should you use antibiotics to treat acute otitis media in children?
What are the best prophylactic drugs for migraine?
When should you consider implanted nerve stimulators for lower back pain?
What's the best way to motivate patients to exercise?
Should you test or treat partners of patients with gonorrhea, chlamydia, or trichomoniasis?
Do insulin-sensitizing drugs increase ovulation rates for women with PCOS?
What is the most effective treatment for ADHD in children?
What are effective treatments for oppositional and defiant behaviors in preadolescents?
What's the best treatment for pyogenic granuloma?
Which treatments work best for hemorrhoids?
How effective are dietary interventions in lowering lipids in adults with dyslipidemia?
What GI stress ulcer prophylaxis should we provide hospitalized patients?
What is the most effective treatment for acute low back pain?
Is prostate-specific antigen PSA screening indicated for any subgroup of men?
What is the best treatment for impacted cerumen?
Does increasing methylphenidate dose aid symptom control in ADHD?
Are tympanostomy tubes indicated for recurrent acute otitis media?
How should we manage infants at risk for group B streptococcal disease?
Are any alternative therapies effective in treating asthma?
Is pneumococcal vaccine effective in nursing home patients?
Does acyclovir help herpes simplex virus cold sores if treatment is delayed?
How should thyroid replacement be initiated?
Is nedocromil effective in preventing asthmatic attacks in patients with asthma?
How effective is gastric bypass for weight loss?
For knee pain, how predictive is physical examination for meniscal injury?
Do steroid injections help with osteoarthritis of the knee?
Is therapy based on endoscopy results better than empiric therapy for dyspepsia?
Do TZDs increase the risk of heart failure for patients with diabetes?
What physical exam techniques are useful to detect malingering?
What is the role of tacrolimus and pimecrolimus in atopic dermatitis?
For those intolerant to ACE inhibitors and ARBs, what is the best therapy for reducing the risk of diabetic nephropathy?
Should we recommend universal neonatal hearing screening?
What is the best management for patients with evidence of asymptomatic ischemia on exercise stress testing?
Do testosterone injections increase libido for elderly hypogonadal patients?
How useful are autoantibodies in diagnosing thyroid disorders?
Which lab tests are best when you suspect hypothyroidism?
What drugs are best for bipolar depression?
Can recombinant growth hormone effectively treat idiopathic short stature?
Is there a well-tested tool to detect drug-seeking behaviors in chronic pain patients?
Should we identify and treat hyperlipidemia in the advanced elderly?
What are the most practical primary care screens for post-traumatic stress disorder?
Which treatments are effective for cervical radiculopathy?
Should we screen for ovarian cancer?
Are nasal steroid sprays effective for otitis media with effusion?
Does glucosamine relieve arthritis joint pain?
How should patients with mitral regurgitation be followed?
What is the best test to detect herpes in skin lesions?
When are empiric antibiotics appropriate for urinary tract infection symptoms?
How long is expectant management safe in first-trimester miscarriage?
Should we treat elevated cholesterol in elderly patients?
What is the most effective diagnostic evaluation of streptococcal pharyngitis?
What is the most effective way for relieving constipation in children aged >1 year?
First- or second-generation antihistamines: which are more effective at controlling pruritus?
What is the best approach to the evaluation and treatment of chronic cough?
Does ambulatory blood pressure monitoring aid in the management of patients with hypertension?
What is the target for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with heart disease?
Is the ThinPrep better than conventional Pap smear at detecting cervical cancer?
What is the best oral antifungal medication for tinea capitis?
Should people with a first-degree relative who died from subarachnoid hemorrhage be screened for aneurysms?
What are effective medication combinations for dyslipidemia?
How effective are lifestyle changes for controlling hypertension?
What precautions should we use with statins for women of childbearing age?
When should we screen children for hyperlipidemia?
What are contraindications to IUDs?
Which nondrug alternatives can help with insomnia?
What regimens eradicate Heliobacter pylori?
Which infants need lumbar puncture for suspected sepsis?
Does a knee brace decrease recurrent ACL injuries?
What medication best prevents migraine in children?
What is the best approach to prevention and treatment of osteoporosis?
Does tamoxifen prevent breast cancer?
Do calcium supplements prevent postmenopausal osteoporotic fractures?
In patients with a previous CVA, do antioxidants protect against subsequent stroke?
What interventions can help patients stop using chewing tobacco?
Do antioxidants vitamins C, E improve outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease?
What are the best treatments for herpes labialis?
What is the best way to evaluate secondary infertility?
Which oral antifungal is best for toenail onychomycosis?
Do ACE inhibitors prevent nephropathy in type 2 diabetes without proteinuria?
When is it OK for children to start drinking fruit juice?
What is the role of herpes virus serology in sexually transmitted disease screening?
Which interventions are best for alleviating nipple pain in nursing mothers?
Does birth weight predict childhood obesity?
What is the best test for peripheral vascular disease?
What are the indications for evaluating a patient with cough for pertussis?
Can type 2 diabetes be prevented through diet and exercise?
Are liver function tests required for patients taking isoniazid for latent TB?
What is the clinical workup for failure to thrive?
What's the most effective treatment for giardiasis?
How soon should serum potassium levels be monitored for patients started on diuretics?
What is the best treatment for plantar fasciitis?
Does cranberry juice prevent or treat urinary tract infection?
What are the treatment options for SSRI-related sexual dysfunction?
Do beta-blockers worsen respiratory status for patients with COPD?
What is angular cheilitis and how is it treated?
Is DEET safe for children?
How accurate is an MRI at diagnosing injured knee ligaments?
Do endovascular filters prevent PE as effectively as anticoagulants in patients with DVT?
What's the most practical way to rule out adrenal insufficiency?
Do hyaluronic acid injections relieve OA knee pain?
When should you suspect community-acquired MRSA? How should you treat it?
Do nonmedicated topicals relieve childhood eczema?
Heat or ice for acute ankle sprain?
What's the best strategy for bipolar disorder during pregnancy?
Is guaifenesin safe during pregnancy?
Is combining ACE inhibitors and ARBs helpful or harmful?
When should we treat isolated high triglycerides?
Does lowering diastolic BP to less than 90 mm Hg decrease cardiovascular risk?
Do statins reduce the risk of stroke?
Does combining aspirin and warfarin decrease the risk of stroke for patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation?
What is the best therapy for superficial thrombophlebitis?
What's the best treatment for CIN 2 or 3?
What is the recommended workup for a man with a first UTI?
What is the best initial treatment for orbital cellulitis in children?
What's the best way to screen for anxiety and panic disorders?
What is the best way to diagnose menopause?
Does a low-fat diet help prevent breast cancer?
What's the best way to manage athletes with amenorrhea?
What is the best way to manage benign paroxysmal positional vertigo?
What is the best hypnotic for use in the elderly?
Do statins cause myopathy?
Should you use steroids to treat infectious mononucleosis?
What screening tests should you use to evaluate a man with low testosterone?
How beneficial are thiazolidinediones for diabetes mellitus?
What is the prognosis for acute low back pain?
What levels of cholesterol should be treated for primary prevention?
What's the best way to treat Achilles tendonopathy?
How should you evaluate elevated calcium in an asymptomatic patient?
Is there much risk in using fluoroquinolones in children?
How much can exercise raise creatine kinase level-and does it matter?
Do any folk remedies or herbals help induce labor?
When should acute nonvenereal conjunctivitis be treated with topical antibiotics?
What is the most effective treatment for external genital warts?
What are the indications for tonsillectomy in children?
How do you evaluate macrocytosis without anemia?
Do allergy shots help seasonal allergies more than antihistamines and nasal steroids?
What common substances can cause false positives on urine screens for drugs of abuse?
What is the best regimen for newly diagnosed hypertension?
How effective are pharmacologic agents for alcoholism?
Can patients with steatohepatitis take statins?
How useful is high-sensitivity CRP as a risk factor for coronary artery disease?
How should we follow up a positive screen for anemia in a 1-year old?
What is the best treatment for analgesic rebound headaches?
Should patients with acute DVT limit activity?
Does warfarin prevent venous thromboembolic events in aPL-positive patients?
How should we treat major depression combined with anxiety?
What other STI testing should we do for a patient with chlamydia?
How do we evaluate a marginally low B12 level?
What is the best way to evaluate acute diarrhea?
What's the best treatment for sebaceous cysts?
Are there big differences among beta-blockers in treating essential hypertension?
What is the best treatment for mild to moderate acne?
What are the risks and benefits of elective induction for uncomplicated term pregnancies?
What is the risk of adverse outcomes in a woman who develops mild hypertension from OCs?
What is the best medical therapy for new-onset type 2 diabetes?
What is the role of combination therapy insulin plus oral medication in type 2 diabetes?
Is training patients in self-examination an effective way to screen for melanoma?
What could be behind your elderly patient's subjective memory complaints?
Which drugs are most effective for moderate to severe depression in adolescents?
Which drugs are safest for moderate to severe depression in adolescents?
Should you evaluate for CAD in seniors with premature ventricular contractions?
What is the most effective beta-blocker for heart failure?
Which technique for removing nevi is least scarring?
Can infants/toddlers get enough fluoride through brushing?
Does the age you introduce food to an infant affect allergies later?
Should we use SSRIs to treat adolescents with depression?
What's the best treatment for gestational diabetes?
Should we use appetite stimulants for malnourished elderly patients?
What is the best macrolide for atypical pneumonia?
What test is the best for diagnosing infectious mononucleosis?
What nonpharmacological treatments are effective against common nongenital warts?
What are appropriate screening tests for infants and children?
Should patients receive 23-valent pneumococcal vaccination more than once?
What is the most beneficial diet for patients with diverticulosis?
How accurate is the clinical diagnosis of pneumonia?
Who should have colposcopy?
What's the best test for renal artery stenosis in patients with refractory hypertension?
What are the indications for meningococcal vaccination?
What is the role of prokinetic agents for constipation?
Do abnormal fetal kick counts predict intrauterine death in average-risk pregnancies?
Can you differentiate bacterial from viral pediatric infections based on the CBC?